as
solar
a hair with own light ideal for hair that will be exposed to the sun
mucus just like the skin
the cheek needs protection from solar exposures
the sun the repeated baths the sand the wind and the chlorine of the pools
they leave the hair dry without shine roughly difficult to brake and with a
color that has nothing to do with your usual tone
the solar villa east and west of the iplus proposes a range of hair products
specific to repair and protect the hair from external aggressions
its formulas recover the natural vitality of the hair, giving it the
hydration intention what to do said
what makes them special
sunflower
and they dictate it 24th
inside a toy
Masks and masks without rinsing are the products that make up
solar shampoo
she wore soft hair after sun exposure
eliminating any personal remains
Roberto Sunscreen
and compensating the sedative effects of a river rays
solar masks
Intensive regenerative treatment alone
which is applied after the shampoo
and provides the nutrients and assets needed by the hair to repair it
immediately and protect it from external aggressions
Helps protect hair from external aggressions before this
of solar exposure
restructure and repair instantaneously and lastingly
Bringing a public shine and silkiness
he does not want to clarify